README.md, before:

# Documents

This **Document Starter Kit** is developed with **Next.js**, **Tailwind CSS** and **TypeScript**. It serves as a flexible and scalable foundation for building documentation websites or content-driven projects. With modern web technologies at its core, this kit simplifies the process of creating, managing and presenting rich documentation with ease and efficiency.

**Demo**: [https://rubix-documents.vercel.app/](https://rubix-documents.vercel.app/)

[![Deploy with Vercel](https://vercel.com/button)](https://vercel.com/new/clone?repository-url=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Frubixvi%2Frubix-documents&project-name=my-documents&repository-name=my-documents&demo-title=Documents&demo-description=This%20Document%20Starter%20Kit%20is%20developed%20with%20Next.js%2C%20Tailwind%20CSS%20and%20TypeScript.%20It%20serves%20as%20a%20flexible%20and%20scalable%20foundation%20for%20building%20documentation%20websites%20or%20content-driven%20projects.&demo-url=https%3A%2F%2Frubix-documents.vercel.app%2F&demo-image=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Frubixvi%2Frubix-documents%2Fblob%2Fmain%2Fpublic%2Fscreens%2Fscreen-1.png)

## Table of Contents

- Installation
- Usage
- Features
- Contributing
- License
- Contact

## Documentation

[https://docs.rubixstudios.com.au](https://docs.rubixstudios.com.au)

## Development

### Installation

1. Clone the repository:

    ```bash
    git clone https://github.com/rubixvi/rubix-documents.git
    cd yourproject
    ```

2. Install dependencies:

    ```bash
    npm install
    ```

3. Run the development server:

    ```bash
    npm run dev
    ```

4. Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) in your browser to see the project.

## Usage

Product documentation, business website and guides.
![Main Screen](./public/screens/screen-1.png)
![Document Screen](./public/screens/screen-2.png)
![Document Footer](./public/screens/screen-3.png)
![Document Search](./public/screens/screen-4.png)
![Main Dark Screen](./public/screens/screen-5.png)
![Document Dark Screen](./public/screens/screen-6.png)

## Features

- MDX documentation
- Nested pages
- Pagination
- Search
- Fuzzy search
- Search highlights
- Syntax highlighting
- Code line highlight
- Code title
- Custom components
- Light and dark mode
- Code switcher
- Code copy
- Tables
- Mathematical expression
- AI knowledgebase **(Development)**
- AI documentation support **(Development)**

## Contributing

1. Fork the repository.
2. Create a new branch (`git checkout -b feature-branch`).
3. Make your changes.
4. Commit your changes (`git commit -m 'Add some feature'`).
5. Push to the branch (`git push origin feature-branch`).
6. Open a pull request.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the LICENSE file for details.

## Contact

Rubix Studios - [https://www.rubixstudios.com.au](https://www.rubixstudios.com.au)

Project: [https://github.com/rubixvi/rubix-documents](https://github.com/rubixvi/rubix-documents)

Commit message:

Refactor highlight function and improve search functionality

README.md, after:

# Documents

**Next.JS Documentation Starter Kit** is developed with **React**, **Tailwind CSS** and **TypeScript**, offering a robust and adaptable foundation for creating comprehensive product documentation and guides. This starter kit streamlines the process of developing, managing, and showcasing detailed documentation, enabling you to deliver content with greater efficiency and ease. Whether you're building product guides, business documentation, or technical manuals, this kit provides the flexibility and scalability needed to meet your documentation needs.

**Demo**: [https://rubix-documents.vercel.app/](https://rubix-documents.vercel.app/)

[![Deploy with Vercel](https://vercel.com/button)](https://vercel.com/new/clone?repository-url=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Frubixvi%2Frubix-documents&project-name=my-documents&repository-name=my-documents&demo-title=Documents&demo-description=This%20Document%20Starter%20Kit%20is%20developed%20with%20Next.js%2C%20Tailwind%20CSS%20and%20TypeScript.%20It%20serves%20as%20a%20flexible%20and%20scalable%20foundation%20for%20building%20documentation%20websites%20or%20content-driven%20projects.&demo-url=https%3A%2F%2Frubix-documents.vercel.app%2F&demo-image=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Frubixvi%2Frubix-documents%2Fblob%2Fmain%2Fpublic%2Fscreens%2Fscreen-1.png)

## Table of Contents

- [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Features](#features)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [License](#license)
- [Contact](#contact)

## Documentation

[https://docs.rubixstudios.com.au](https://docs.rubixstudios.com.au)

## Development

### Installation

1. Clone the repository:

    ```bash
    git clone https://github.com/rubixvi/rubix-documents.git
    cd yourproject
    ```

2. Install dependencies:

    ```bash
    npm install
    ```

3. Run the development server:

    ```bash
    npm run dev
    ```

4. Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) in your browser to see the project.

## Usage

This kit can be used to create product documentation, business websites, and guides.

![Main Screen](./public/screens/screen-1.png)
*Main Screen*

![Document Screen](./public/screens/screen-2.png)
*Document Screen*

![Document Footer](./public/screens/screen-3.png)
*Document Footer*

![Document Search](./public/screens/screen-4.png)
*Document Search*

![Main Dark Screen](./public/screens/screen-5.png)
*Main Dark Mode Screen*

![Document Dark Screen](./public/screens/screen-6.png)
*Document Dark Mode Screen*

## Features

- MDX documentation
- Nested pages
- Pagination
- Search with fuzzy search and highlights
- Syntax highlighting
- Code line highlight and title
- Custom components
- Light and dark mode
- Code switcher and copy functionality
- Tables and mathematical expressions
- AI knowledgebase **(Development)**
- AI documentation support **(Development)**

## Contributing

1. Fork the repository.
2. Create a new branch (`git checkout -b feature-branch`).
3. Make your changes.
4. Commit your changes (`git commit -m 'Add some feature'`).
5. Push to the branch (`git push origin feature-branch`).
6. Open a pull request.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License. See the [LICENSE](./LICENSE) file for details.

## Contact

For support or inquiries, contact Vincent Vu [@rubixvi](https://x.com/rubixvi) on X.

Rubix Studios - [https://www.rubixstudios.com.au](https://www.rubixstudios.com.au)

Project: [https://github.com/rubixvi/rubix-documents](https://github.com/rubixvi/rubix-documents)
