contents/docs/basic-setup/installation/index.mdx, before:

---
title: Installation
description: This guide covers the installation of Documents and how to edit your new project.
keywords: ["installation", "github", "node", "guide", "nextjs", "documents"]
---

To install and edit the Documents, you need to have several prerequisites in place. Here's a list of all the essential pre-requisites
for setting up and working on this project.

[![Deploy with Vercel](https://vercel.com/button)](https://vercel.com/new/clone?repository-url=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Frubixvi%2Frubix-documents&project-name=my-documents&repository-name=my-documents&demo-title=Documents&demo-description=This%20Document%20Starter%20Kit%20is%20developed%20with%20Next.js%2C%20Tailwind%20CSS%20and%20TypeScript.%20It%20serves%20as%20a%20flexible%20and%20scalable%20foundation%20for%20building%20documentation%20websites%20or%20content-driven%20projects.&demo-url=https%3A%2F%2Frubix-documents.vercel.app%2F&demo-image=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Frubixvi%2Frubix-documents%2Fblob%2Fmain%2Fpublic%2Fscreens%2Fscreen-1.png)

## Prerequisites

<Step>
<StepItem title="System Requirements">

- **Node.js:** Make sure you have Node.js installed. The project uses `npm`, which comes with Node.js. Install Node.js from here.
- **NPM or Yarn:** Since the project uses `npm` commands, ensure that npm is installed with Node.js. Alternatively, you can use Yarn if preferred.

To verify installation, run:

```bash
node -v
npm -v
```

</StepItem>
<StepItem title="Git">
You need to have Git installed to clone the repository. Download Git from [here](https://git-scm.com/).

```bash
git --version
```

</StepItem>
<StepItem title="Code Editor">
You’ll need a code editor to work on the project. Common options include:

- [Visual Studio Code](https://code.visualstudio.com/)
- [WebStorm](https://www.jetbrains.com/webstorm/)
- Any other text editor you prefer.

</StepItem>
<StepItem title="Required Knowledge">
- **Next.js:** Since this is a Next.js project, you should be familiar with Next.js basics.
- **React:** The project uses React, so understanding React's component structure and hooks will help.
- **TypeScript:** The project is written in TypeScript, so you should have a basic understanding of it.
- **Tailwind:** The project uses Tailwind CSS for styling.
- **MDX:** Markdown + JSX (MDX) is used for writing documentation.

</StepItem>
</Step>

## Installation

<Step>
<StepItem title="Clone the Repository">
First, clone the repository to your local machine using Git:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/rubixvi/rubix-documents.git
```

Change the directory to the project folder:

```bash
cd rubix-documents
```

</StepItem>
<StepItem title="Install Dependencies">
Use npm to install all the required dependencies:

```bash
npm install
```

This will install all the dependencies listed in the package.json file, including:

- Next.js
- React
- TypeScript
- Tailwind CSS
- MDX components
- Other dependencies like ESLint, PostCSS, Husky, etc.

</StepItem>

<StepItem title="Running the Development Server">
Start the development server by running:

```bash
npm run dev
```

This will start the local server, and you can open your browser at:

```arduino
http://localhost:3000
```

</StepItem>

<StepItem title="Editing the Project">
  - **MDX Files:** Documentation content is stored in `contents/docs`.
  - **Components:** You can edit React components in the `components/` directory.
  - **Tailwind:** Tailwind styling are managed in `tailwind.config.ts` and `app/globals.css`.

To make any changes to the project, open the files in your editor and modify them as needed.

<Note title="Required" type="danger">
  The project's search functionality relies on the Husky's automation to build
  `search-data/documents.json` ensure git commit is performed to generate this
  file.
</Note>

</StepItem>
<StepItem title="Building for Production">
Once you’ve made your changes and want to build the project for production:

```bash
npm run build
```

This will generate a production-ready build of the app.

</StepItem>
<StepItem title="Running Production Server">
To run the production server:

```bash
npm run start
```

The production app will be available at:

```arduino
http://localhost:3000
```

</StepItem>
</Step>

## Optional

<Step>
<StepItem title="Deploying to Vercel">
This project is optimized for Vercel deployment. To deploy to Vercel:

- Go to [vercel.com](https://vercel.com/) and sign up.
- Link your GitHub repository and deploy the project.
- Vercel will handle the build process for you automatically.
</StepItem>
<StepItem title="Linting and Pre-commit Hooks">
The project uses ESLint for linting and Husky for Git hooks. These tools are configured automatically, but you can customize them in `.eslintrc.json` and `.husky` directories.
</StepItem>
</Step>

## Important Information

The project's search functionality relies on the Husky's automation to build `search-data/documents.json` ensure git commit is performed to generate this file.

Commit message:

fix: update installation guide to use pnpm commands instead of npm

contents/docs/basic-setup/installation/index.mdx, after:

---
title: Installation
description: This guide covers the installation of Documents and how to edit your new project.
keywords: ["installation", "github", "node", "guide", "nextjs", "documents"]
---

To install and edit the Documents, you need to have several prerequisites in place. Here's a list of all the essential pre-requisites
for setting up and working on this project.

[![Deploy with Vercel](https://vercel.com/button)](https://vercel.com/new/clone?repository-url=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Frubixvi%2Frubix-documents&project-name=my-documents&repository-name=my-documents&demo-title=Documents&demo-description=This%20Document%20Starter%20Kit%20is%20developed%20with%20Next.js%2C%20Tailwind%20CSS%20and%20TypeScript.%20It%20serves%20as%20a%20flexible%20and%20scalable%20foundation%20for%20building%20documentation%20websites%20or%20content-driven%20projects.&demo-url=https%3A%2F%2Frubix-documents.vercel.app%2F&demo-image=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Frubixvi%2Frubix-documents%2Fblob%2Fmain%2Fpublic%2Fscreens%2Fscreen-1.png)

## Prerequisites

<Step>
<StepItem title="System Requirements">

- **Node.js:** Make sure you have Node.js installed. The project uses `pnpm`, which comes with Node.js. Install Node.js from here.
- **NPM, PNPM or Yarn:** Since the project uses `pnpm` commands, ensure that pnpm is installed with Node.js. Alternatively, you can use Yarn if preferred.

To verify installation, run:

```bash
node -v
pnpm -v
```

</StepItem>
<StepItem title="Git">
You need to have Git installed to clone the repository. Download Git from [here](https://git-scm.com/).

```bash
git --version
```

</StepItem>
<StepItem title="Code Editor">
You’ll need a code editor to work on the project. Common options include:

- [Visual Studio Code](https://code.visualstudio.com/)
- [WebStorm](https://www.jetbrains.com/webstorm/)
- Any other text editor you prefer.

</StepItem>
<StepItem title="Required Knowledge">
- **Next.js:** Since this is a Next.js project, you should be familiar with Next.js basics.
- **React:** The project uses React, so understanding React's component structure and hooks will help.
- **TypeScript:** The project is written in TypeScript, so you should have a basic understanding of it.
- **Tailwind:** The project uses Tailwind CSS for styling.
- **MDX:** Markdown + JSX (MDX) is used for writing documentation.

</StepItem>
</Step>

## Installation

<Step>
<StepItem title="Clone the Repository">
First, clone the repository to your local machine using Git:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/rubixvi/rubix-documents.git
```

Change the directory to the project folder:

```bash
cd rubix-documents
```

</StepItem>
<StepItem title="Install Dependencies">
Use npm to install all the required dependencies:

```bash
pnpm install
```

This will install all the dependencies listed in the package.json file, including:

- Next.js
- React
- TypeScript
- Tailwind CSS
- MDX components
- Other dependencies like ESLint, PostCSS, Husky, etc.

</StepItem>

<StepItem title="Running the Development Server">
Start the development server by running:

```bash
pnpm run dev
```

This will start the local server, and you can open your browser at:

```arduino
http://localhost:3000
```

</StepItem>

<StepItem title="Editing the Project">
  - **MDX Files:** Documentation content is stored in `contents/docs`.
  - **Components:** You can edit React components in the `components/` directory.
  - **Tailwind:** Tailwind styling are managed in `tailwind.config.ts` and `app/globals.css`.

To make any changes to the project, open the files in your editor and modify them as needed.

<Note title="Required" type="danger">
  The project's search functionality relies on the Husky's automation to build
  `search-data/documents.json` ensure git commit is performed to generate this
  file.
</Note>

</StepItem>
<StepItem title="Building for Production">
Once you’ve made your changes and want to build the project for production:

```bash
pnpm run build
```

This will generate a production-ready build of the app.

</StepItem>
<StepItem title="Running Production Server">
To run the production server:

```bash
pnpm run start
```

The production app will be available at:

```arduino
http://localhost:3000
```

</StepItem>
</Step>

## Optional

<Step>
<StepItem title="Deploying to Vercel">
This project is optimized for Vercel deployment. To deploy to Vercel:

- Go to [vercel.com](https://vercel.com/) and sign up.
- Link your GitHub repository and deploy the project.
- Vercel will handle the build process for you automatically.
</StepItem>
<StepItem title="Linting and Pre-commit Hooks">
The project uses ESLint for linting and Husky for Git hooks. These tools are configured automatically, but you can customize them in `.eslintrc.json` and `.husky` directories.
</StepItem>
</Step>

## Important Information

The project's search functionality relies on the Husky's automation to build `search-data/documents.json` ensure git commit is performed to generate this file.
